=== Woocommerce Financial Export ===
Contributors: nielsdon
Donate link: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=GH9LXUUUJ78LG
Tags: wordpress, financial, woocommerce
Requires at least: 3.5.1
Tested up to: 3.6
Stable tag: trunk
License: GPLv2
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

This is a plugin that enables you to export a basic set of records with financial data from your woocommerce store.

== Description ==

I was searching for the plugin myself but didn't find a suitable solution. This is a very basic setup but works for me.

== Installation ==

= Using The WordPress Dashboard =

1. Navigate to the 'Add New' in the plugins dashboard
2. Search for 'woocommerce-financial-export'
3. Click 'Install Now'
4. Activate the plugin on the Plugin dashboard

= Uploading in WordPress Dashboard =

1. Navigate to the 'Add New' in the plugins dashboard
2. Navigate to the 'Upload' area
3. Select `woocommerce-financial-export.zip` from your computer
4. Click 'Install Now'
5. Activate the plugin in the Plugin dashboard

= Using FTP =

1. Download `woocommerce-financial-export.zip`
2. Extract the `woocommerce-financial-export` directory to your computer
3. Upload the `woocommerce-financial-export` directory to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
4. Activate the plugin in the Plugin dashboard


== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= When can I expect an update on this plugin =

If you are in specific need of an update or feature request, drop me an email and I'll reply. I'm not working on this plugin permanently as my webshop is my main business and I just needed this plugin for myself.

== Screenshots ==

1. The starting page
2. Results visible after submitting the form on the starting page. Filter is still visible. You can right-click the 'download' link to get your CSV.
3. Example CSV output as generated by the plugin.

== Changelog ==

= 0.4 =
* Accountant input processed and more options available

= 0.3 =
* Order date filter added

= 0.2 =
* Order stage filter added

= 0.1 =
* Basic setup, no filters

== Upgrade Notice ==

= 1.0 =
Nothing to do here yet. Just get the latest version.